(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(announcer)
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to third round
of the Arc League
Championship!
Here are your 16
remaining duelists.
I think that
he means 15.
Yeah, Shay's nowhere
to be found.
These competitors won't be
dueling here in the stadium.
They'll be dueling
throughout the whole city.
(both)
What?!
Well‐done, Declan.
By announcing duels will be
taking place around the city,
the public won't know
the difference
between tournament duels and
battles against Leo's forces.
Right. Which means
there won't be a panic.
Because while our
16 junior duelists
fight it out
in the city,
the eight finalists
in the Senior Division
will fight off
our invaders.
Shay, you have
a different mission.
You are to continue
taking part in the tournament
and determine if any of
the other finalists
have the skills, courage,
and determination
to become
one of the Lancers.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead
and make your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(announcer)
The hunt is on!
If our challengers
want to duel,
they must first find
two Pendulum Cards.
Then they must decide how
many cards to put on the
line.
Winners win the cards
and our top spot
will be determined by the
number of Pendulum Cards
each of our 16 players
has after 24 hours.
These Pendulum Cards
could be just about anywhere.
I know.
Finding them might be harder
than actually dueling for them.
This city's huge.
Bet we'll find them
faster if we split up.
Wait!
What's wrong?
Just be careful, 'kay?
You be careful, too, Yuya.
It's time to set the stage
for our star performers.
Go...
Quartet of Quandary!
Now, let's check out
our four battle zones.
Volcano! It's a blast!
Iceberg!
Chilling and thrilling!
Jungle!
Dense and dangerous!
Ancient Ruins!
Archaically chaotic!
The fans are ready.
The fields are set.
The challengers have until
noon tomorrow to grab the
glory.
And now,
it's time to go!
Finally.
(Taka)
Looks like Yuya found
his two Pendulum Cards.
(chuckling)
That means one card for me
and one for you.
Easy pickings for
the Banded Warrior Academy.
Banded Warrior.
That means they'll duel
just like Iggy.
And he was more about
duking thank dueling.
And I have to take on
two at once.
(announcer) It looks
like our first duel
in the Volcano zone
is about to erupt.
It's Taka and Nagi from
the Banded Warrior Academy
versus You Show Duel
School's Yuya Sakaki...
This doesn't
look good.
Those Banded Warrior Academy
guys are super tough.
(announcer)
...Let the battle begin!
All right,
you know the rules.
We each ante up
Pendulum Cards.
One card each.
Fine.
(all)
Duel!
(announcer) The
Pendulum Cards are out
and the battle lines
are drawn.
Facing Yuya are...
Mr. President.
What's the situation here?
The duel between
Yuya Sakaki
and Banded Warrior Academy
is just starting.
(announcer)
...We've got the
performing artists
versus the
martial artists.
And it's winner‐take‐all.
Huh?
(both chuckling)
(gasps)
(Yuya thinking)
I don't care if there's
two or 10 of them.
I'm still gonna duel my way.
I start the show off
by summoning
Performapal
Skeeter Skimmer!
Bring it on.
Yeah, let's go, superstar.
You may have got
Iggy off‐guard...
But we've seen
how cruel you duel.
We know you don't
show mercy to anyone.
So we won't
show any either.
No!
When I battled Iggy,
something took over.
That‐‐ that wasn't me.
I'll never duel
like that again.
No matter what!
I play a facedown.
Your turn.
Hey, hey!
Gong's got his second
Pendulum Card,
so Gong's now part
of the party!
(woman giggling)
Who's there?
(giggling continues)
Huh? Wait.
Our turn.
You're not the only one who's
got Pendulum skills anymore.
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale Five Pendulum Statue
Purple Shield
and Scale 11 Purple Sword!
Now I can summon monsters
between level six and 10
at the same time.
I Pendulum Summon
Tsumuji the Earthwind Star...
and Arashi the Skywind Star!
(announcer)Whoa, Taka is taking
it to Yuya right out of the
gate!
He just Pendulum Summoned
two mega monsters!
Purple Sword's Pendulum
ability now activates.
So my two warriors gain
200 attack points each.
(both roaring)
Battle time.
Tsumuji, take aim and sink
that Skeeter Skimmer.
I activate Skeeter's
special ability.
It switches to defense mode
and stops your attack.
Well, I've got more monster
where that came from.
Arashi, take aim.
(thinking)
I better do something.
I'll grab that
Action Card and‐‐
(yelling)
That was rude!
Don't you have
any manners?!
They really know
how to double‐team Yuya.
I activate
the Action Spell Flame Ball.
And just like that,
200 of your life points
go up in flames.
Nice one, Nagi.
Thank you, Taka.
(thinking)
These guys play rough.
But not rough enough
to beat me!
Ready for more, Yuya?
Yeah!
That's excellent to hear
because I'm activating
the spell Polymerization.
This is unbelievable.
Taka's about to mix things up
to bring Yuya down.
I fuse Tsumuji and Arashi!
Together...
these two titans combine
into one furious warrior!
I Fusion Summon
Fujin the Breakstorm Star!
And Fujin's got
an interesting special ability.
At the end of a turn,
for every warrior‐type
monster on the field,
you'll take
500 points of damage.
(grunts)
Now, I think I'll
turn it over to my partner,
but not before Fujin's ability
does some damage.
(thinking)
I have to do something fast.
I've gotta find
an Action Card.
Look,
he's running scared.
Yeah,
but he won't get far.
You hear me?
Loud and clear.
(groaning)
I wish this shirt had sleeves.
(boy groans)
Huh?
Running around searching
for Pendulum Cards,
I am perspiring just as much
as I did back home.
(gasps)
Ah!
You are the Fusion
Summoner Zuzu Boyle.
Huh?
I am Halil,
an exchange student
attending the prestigious
Leo Institute of Dueling.
I am a Fusion
Summoner as well.
It's an honor.
Uh, I'm honored, too.
I have followed your journey
in the tournament very closely.
It is my dream
to duel you.
I'd be happy
to duel you, too,
but I haven't found
my second Pendulum Card yet.
In that case,
it is fortunate
that I was able
to locate three cards.
It would be my great pleasure
if you would accept one of mine
so that we will be able
to duel one another.
That's so nice.
Thanks very much, Halil.
I must warn you
that you will not win.
We'll just see
about that.
When I battle, I'm all about
taking center stage.
And I don't plan on giving up
the spotlight to anyone.
(chuckles)
Let us get the show
on the road.
Yeah, let's.
(announcer)Well, it looks like
things are heating up in the
Iceberg zone.
(both)
The Pendulum Card
I wager is this one.
The battle between You Show
Duel School's Zuzu Boyle
and Leo's Institute's
exchange student Halil
could be the coolest
duel ever.
(both)
Let's duel!
Come on, Zuzu,
get fired up!
Toast this guy!
Being able to watch
two duels at once
is giving me
the double goose pickles.
For now, but it might not
be two duels for long.
(Tate)
These guys have Yuya on the run!
Bad news, Yuya.
It's Pendulum time.
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale Five Purple Shield
and Scale 11 Purple Sword.
I may have the same
two Pendulum Cards are Taka,
but I'm bringing out different
monsters to suit my style.
I Pendulum Summon
Todoroki
the Earthbolt Star...
and Senko the Skybolt Star!
(announcer)
Another successful
Pendulum Summon
from the dynamic
duelists,
as the action is
just getting underway
in the Iceberg zone.
Let us begin.
La Jinn the Mystical Genie
of the Lamp,
appear to grant my wishes!
At this time,
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
My turn now.
I draw!
(thinking)
All right!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale Three
Pendulum Statue White Butterfly
and Scale Nine
Pendulum Statue White Flower.
You Pendulum Summon?
My Pendulum Summon debut
is today!
In that case, I shall activate
the trap Absorbing Lamp!
My lamp stops you from
building the Pendulum Scale
by allowing me to take
one of your Pendulum Cards
into my possession.
(gasps)
Pendulum Statue
White Flower, please.
My first Pendulum Summon's
not panning out.
Thank you so much
for the Pendulum Card.
I know it will be quite useful
in my quest to defeat you.
I hope you're not upset
with my actions.
I'm not, Halil, but I can't say
you won't be after this.
I summon Opera
the Melodious Diva.
I hope you're ready for
an amazing performance
because this diva's about to
belt out a number of vocal hits.
Coming to duel in this place
feels like coming home.
I cannot lose with
the home‐court advantage.
Advantage, smantage.
Every winter, Gong goes
and trains on a glacier.
I am Olga.
And I am from Leo Institute's
Arctic Campus.
It will be my pleasure
to beat you.
(announcer)
And now we've got
another pair of duelists
about to mix it up
in the Iceberg zone.
But right now,
let's check out
the thrilling, chilling duel
already underway.
It is my turn.
I draw now.
(gasps)
A Pendulum Card!
Don't tell me
what you have, Halil.
Sorry, but I cannot hide
my intense delight.
I have dreamed of the time
I would use a Pendulum Card.
Now it is here.
With Scale One Red Fiend
and Scale Nine White Flower,
I set the Pendulum Scale!
(buzzer sounds)
What the...
Hey! Come on!
(buzzer sounding)
Something is very wrong.
Perhaps this is
some kind of trick card
or perhaps my Duel Disk
is not processing properly.
Maybe if I...
(buzzer sounding)
Nope. Fail.
(sighs)
Spread them out.
What?
You put one Pendulum Card
on the very far left
and the other Pendulum Card
on the very far right!
Okay, I will
give that a try.
(beeping)
It worked!
Thank you so much!
I guess I've paid you back
for giving me a Pendulum Card.
At last, I am able
to summon monsters
between level two
and level eight simultaneously.
I Pendulum Summon
Appear Red Lamp...
and Purple Lamp!
Hurray, I have
successfully achieved
my first‐ever
Pendulum Summon!
And I will explore
its many intricacies.
I will begin
my exploration
by activating Red Lamp's
special ability.
When this card
is successfully summoned,
you receive 600 points
of devastating damage!
Yes!
I can really do this!
You should be
proud of yourself.
Now, I shall activate
Purple Lamp's special ability!
I am able to add
the spell card
Polymerization to my hand!
Get ready, Zuzu,
because now,
I activate Polymerization!
No way!
La Jinn the Mystical Genie
of the Lamp
and my Red Lamp
will now fuse!
The wish granting
spirit of the lamp,
summoned from the vast void
of the unknown,
will be inflamed
with the force of fire!
I Fusion Summon
Fire Djinn the Flame Genie
of the Lamp!
(announcer)
Oh, my!
Halil's game is on fire!
He just might be
a wish away from winning!
(announcer)
Halil looks like
he has the upper hand,
but Zuzu's not about to
go down without a fight.
I activate my genie's
special ability.
When he's
successfully summoned,
you take 600 points
of damage.
(groaning)
And now, due to Red Fiend's
Pendulum ability,
my genie gains
300 attack points.
Let us battle.
Fire Djinn, attack
Opera the Melodious Diva!
Now, Zuzu, Purple Lamp
attacks you directly.
(screaming)
Huh? An Action Card.
(screaming continues)
Do not fear,
we are on our way!
Zuzu!
(thinking)
There's gotta be
an Action Card someplace.
I activate my Purple Sword's
Pendulum ability.
Now my monsters gain
200 attack points.
Todoroki,
trip him up
so that he'll never
reach an Action Card!
Ah!
(screaming)
(grunting)
Huh?
Heh.
You came close, Yuya.
Too bad close doesn't count.
(chuckling)
I active the Action Spell
Flame Ball!
Say bye‐bye
to 200 life points.
Whoa!
Look out, Yuya,
'cause here comes Senko.
I'll shut him down with my trap
Performapal Pinch Helper!
Your monster's
direct attack is denied!
And now I can summon
a Performapal in my deck
with 800 attack points or less
by giving up
its special ability.
I summon Thunderhino!
(roaring)
You're wasting your time.
I play Frontline Fusion!
I fuse Senko and Todoroki!
I might lose
with this fuse.
Ignite the heavens,
shake the earth.
Powers of
lightning and thunder,
unleash your fury!
I Fusion Summon
Raijin the Breakbolt Star!
Due to Raijin's
special ability,
when it attacks a monster
in defense mode,
you still take damage.
It appears that the two of us
were just too much for you
to overcome, Yuya.
Yuya's gotta think of
something fast!
He has only 800
life points left!
One attack
and showtime's over.
(Nagi)
Raijin, destroy that Rhino
to win this duel!
You're not going to end
my show that easily!
By sending Pinch Helper
to the graveyard,
I toughen my Rhino's hide
so that the damage I take
is cut in half!
(yelling)
Unless you want
to get flambeed,
you best get out
of Gong's way.
I move for no one.
(gasps)
(screaming)
Where I am?
Zuzu?
Gong, it's you.
(Olga) Excuse me.
You move before I remove.
Oh, sorry.
(beeping)
(computer)
Battle Royal mode engaged.
Joining Tag Duel.
What?
Gong thinks this is crazy.
Pardon me.
Ah, what is the meaning
of this message?
Hmm, well, look what
we have here, fans.
They've accidentally trigged
a tag‐team duel.
Zuzu and Gong
are dueling as a team now.
My pickles is goosed!
We've been looking
for you Shay Obsidian.
We don't like what you did
to our friend Sir Shalack.
Now it's time
to make you pay.
I see. You're looking
for a little payback.
Well, let's see you
try and collect.
It looks to me like Yuya's
down for the count, Nagi.
I think it's safe to say
showtime's over, Taka.
Say whatever you want!
The show's gonna go on!
Go ahead, run.
But don't forget about
Fujin's special ability.
When this turn ends,
you lose 1,000 life points
and the duel.
And this turn ends now.
Two on one doesn't seem
like a fair game.
(all) Huh?
Mind if I join in?
'Cause I love the limelight.
(laughing)
♪